this project is from the case study describes a business firm, Velion Dynamics moving forward to improve collaboration, knowledge items sharing, and content governance across various departments globally. Initially, the organization faces challenges such as inconsistent information flow, lack of centralized access, and poor integration between user roles. But through repetitive iterations of improvements made on DKN via introducing Connect to Grow, Gamification, Integration AI and NLP, its performance increased significantly. The DKN system was proposed to create a digital platform that enables clients, employees, consultants, knowledge champions and administrators to contribute, manage, and share organizational knowledge effectively and efficiently.   1.3 Objectives of the System The main objectives of the DKN Knowledge Management System are as follows: ·       Enhance collaboration and communication between users such as clients, employees, consultants etc across different departments globally. ·       Provide a separate repository for storing organizational knowledge items and ways to manage them. ·       Ensure secure access control, enabling different privileges for clients, consultants, and administrators. ·       Knowledge Validation to maintain accuracy and relevance. ·       Use NLP tools and AI engine for relevant Knowledge item or repositories, detect redundant knowledge items and ensure data protection etc. Since the DKN case study provides only a general overview of the system, several realistic assumptions have been made to ensure a complete system design. These assumptions fill in missing details while maintaining logical consistency with the business context. The key assumptions are as follows: ·      The system will be implemented in react for frontend and in express for backend and accessible ·      Users will log in using email and password and may have Google OAuth method. ·      There will be four primary user roles i.e Executive Leadership, Knowledge Council Member, Consultant, and System Administrator with role-based permissions. ·      Consultants are external professionals who review and validate submitted content before publication. From one of the consultants, Knowledge champion is made. ·      System Administrators from regional offices performs user management, monitor content quality, and handle technical configurations. ·      The knowledge repository will support document uploads, description, tagging, and categorization. ·      Each piece of content will undergo a review and approval workflow from Knowledge Government Council. ·      Notifications will be sent to client and consultants for updates and approvals. ·      The organization will use cloud-based database for scalability and security.
